`log_analytics_workspace` - exclude `Free` from `daily_quota_gb` settings (#9228)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/log_analytics_workspace.html.markdown

* `retention_in_days` - (Optional) The workspace data retention in days. Possible values are either 7 (Free Tier only) or range between 30 and 730.

* `daily_quota_gb` - (Optional) The workspace daily quota for ingestion in GB.  Defaults to -1 (unlimited) if omitted.

> ~> **NOTE:** The `Free` tier SKU does not accept any value for this argument, and is always configured as `0.5` GB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** When `sku_name` is set to `Free` this field must be set to `0.5` (GB) - as Azure does not allow any other value.
```

Reviewer: probably also wants a note under SKU tbh
